As a content strateger my purpose is to lead consumer behavior and tendencies to reduce psychologycal and energetic disorders
such as rush, crazy, bored, lazy, that could lead to physical states such as "bald" "skinny" or "fat" that cause emotional 
distress and reduce the amount of individuals who make it to ideal physical states such as "pretty" "handsome" "strong". 

Understanding how our networked subscriptions continiously use data to engage attention span allows for users to locate 
in-stances where content subscription is supposed to lead to new tendency.

Not being able to locate such instances compounds energy sequences and creates strain which delay responses & reactions that 
result in memory loss or "memento"

One of the goals at "Percept Connect" is to create content strategy that allows for algorhythms to enable users the ability 
to use cellular data to locate experiences where common relation exists and the assiilation of personality traits can lead to insights.
ie: Facebook software engineer uses his or her use of popular media or content to understand personality mode stances to led,
preferences or correlation and social activities to progress them.

A goal at percept connect is to allow for subscribers of unlimited data to locate experiences as advertised in conent which 
produced prosocial emotional reaction or realization as they lead to an occupation or task of compensation.

Once experience of value has been located and proper attention span must be applied, in-stances which lead to emotional 
debilitating behavior due to interactions with elements or energy in a profound manner physical states such as "tremble"ugly"
skinny"fat"bald"   

tremble is state in which forth hence energy is not present

Text message data and networking behavior is not correlated to binging and data that is watched.

At this lack of correlation going to work or school becomes a complacent destination based on the variance in kines energy 
and lack of content relation.

The cause for complacency is due to user being more intensely in tune to visual, auditory non active electromagnetic 
experience than when at work or school and reading static or printed text to use hand eye cordination and write or 
interpret.

Lack of emotional interaction at school or work tilts perception value to electromagnetic expereinces

Where traditional school learning and work interaction failed to interact emotionally televisual experience created 
engagement energy sequences that were compounded and created psychological productive disorders or "complacency"

Complacency was sought to change by attempt to engage users in smart phone experience to lead behavior in between use of 
computer and TV

Sense interaction and relation with content is greater than interest in work or school occupation 

Content is acquired through kines electromagnetic screen or tactile contextual method which results to attention span 
decrease as consumer goes from worker to user.

Smartphone data is to be used to lead behaviors and tendencies out of screens in tune prior to acquisition of smartphone.

To correlate content as seen on screens and use habitually, a correct thought sequence must be kept between the emotional 
reaction and relation provoked while engaged in content.

To progress thought sequence in perception user must locate its position in the trait mode through combination of transport 
methods 

while in transport to remain in proper perception of experience and trait of assimilation adequate nutritional supplement 
must be kept

Pro-AD-Pelo ie: To remain in trait or emotion created after hair style transaction, user must locate pace as it's altred by 
network as it is in motion.

Trait Thought sequence in connection to screen variance must align self with available opportunity for trait progresion. 

Interaction at spot of opportunity must be concluded contralaterally or solution must be agreable by more than 2 indivduals. 

